---
source_url: "https://incorporate123.co/learning-center/sb60_2013_changes/cat/14"
title: "Consulting & Advice Information :: LLC Taxation"
scraped_at: "2026-03-13"
---

[Home](/) > [Learning Center](/learning-center/) > [Business Taxation Explained](/learning-center/cat/14) > LLC Taxation Tutorial

    

Search: Category jump: Top level General FAQ's      General Incorporation FAQ’s      Annual Services & Renewal FAQ's Why Nevada?      Why Incorporate in Nevada? Banking FAQ's      General Bank Account Opening FAQ's Business Entities Explained      Nevada Corporation Tutorial      Limited-Liability Company Tutorial Business Taxation Explained      LLC Taxation Tutorial      Company Taxation General FAQ's      Corporation Taxation Tutorial Nevada Asset Protection      Nevada Asset Protection Tutorial      Nevada Asset Protection FAQ’s International Jurisdictions      The Commonwealth of The Bahamas      St. Kitts and Nevis International Asset Protection      International Asset Protection Tutorial Forms/Links/News Center      Forms & Links Center

Business Taxation Explained

-   [LLC Taxation Tutorial](/learning-center/cat/43)

-   [Company Taxation General FAQ's](/learning-center/cat/41)

-   [Corporation Taxation Tutorial](/learning-center/cat/55)

LLC Taxation Tutorial

-   [LLC Taxation Options - 4 types of possible taxation](/learning-center/cat/14/item/37)
-   [The "Single Member" (Disregarded) LLC](/learning-center/cat/14/item/62)
-   [How is an LLC with two or more members taxed?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/89)
-   [Can an LLC be Taxed as a C-Corporation?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/90)
-   [What is an S-Corporation filing? Can an LLC be taxed as a S-Corp?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/39)
-   [What are the advantages of S-Corporation Taxation?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/91)
-   [Can a Nevada LLC “pass through” income to foreign persons or entity’s?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/40)
-   [Can a Nevada Company pay foreign persons/companies without withholding taxes?](/learning-center/cat/14/item/88)

LLC Taxation Options - 4 types of possible taxation

The Nevada Limited-Liability Company, or LLC, has quickly become one of the most popular entities in the United States. Once seen as a daring corporate hybrid, the LLC is now praised for its organizational flexibility and innovation.  
  
In 1996 the IRS resolved all the confusion and "grey areas" of LLC Taxation. The IRS clarified 4 types of possible taxation, as well as the default status for the taxation categories:

1\. A "Partnership" (Flow thru taxation) if it has two or more members. (Default Status)  
2\. "Disregarded as an entity seperate from its owner" (Flow thru taxation) if it has a single owner (Default Status)  
3\. "C-Corporation", If an election is made on form 8832. (Elected Status)  
4\. "S-Corporation". If an election is made on form 2553. (Flow thru taxation) (Elected Status)

  

[Next >>](/learning-center/cat/43/item/62)